Masterclass suggests it's typical for compass sensors to measure the strength and direction of a magnetic field line itself.


Get magnet with known field lines and strength (maybe use current earth's field data?)
validate that compass is working as expected by using it to detect the components of the field. With the axes of the magnetometer, and direction of the field at a given location, I should be able to predict when the measured vector components will go to zero, positive, and negative. That would prove that I'm measuring the field line, and not, say, the force applied to the sensors directly.

Not sure I can do strength, although that one site actually did project the field strength as well.

Flux: How much of something is flowing through a given surface in a given amount of time.

Flux increases as the magnitude, the density, or the normal vector of things moving through the surface increases. Note that increasing the size of the surface also increases the flux.

Density, magnitude and direction of motion

Flux of magnetic field is Phi. Cap I wih an o in the middle.


Note that the AK8963 sensors return flux, not strength measurements. Yet the ranges of MPU measurements are in teslas, a unit of strength. They know the size of their surfaces, can I prove they're doing an internal conversion to get teslas?

Objects have magnetic Domains with a specific alignment. If these are randomly oriented they effectively cancel each other. Magnets are made up of such domains that are aligned in an orderly fashion and thus generate a net field.

A magnet can align the domains in other objects. Metals in particular have domains?

Domains are generated by unpaired electrons. Electrons have a domain directionality, but when paired they spin in opposite directions and cancel each other?

Magnetic similar poles attract each other, magnetic different poles repel each other.

The earth's magnetic north is actually a south pole. The earth's magnetic south is a north pole.

Flux lines "exit" a magnet's north pole and "enter" its south pole. As such, they travel from geographic south to geographic north.

"North-Seeking" poles seek the geographic north pole. These are N poles.
"South-Seeking" poles seek the geographic south pole. These are S poles.

Engineering convention refers to the north and south poles of a magnet as positive and negative, respectively. Like electric charge, flux lines "flow" from positive to negative.

For a bar magnet, the direction of the magnetic moment points from the magnet's south pole to its north pole,[9] and the magnitude relates to how strong and how far apart these poles are. In SI units, the magnetic moment is specified in terms of A·m2 (amperes times meters squared).

A magnet both produces its own magnetic field and responds to magnetic fields. The strength of the magnetic field it produces is at any given point proportional to the magnitude of its magnetic moment. In addition, when the magnet is put into an external magnetic field, produced by a different source, it is subject to a torque tending to orient the magnetic moment parallel to the field.
